Add Fleet Server 9.4.0 release notes (#6951)
elastic/fleet-server: docs/release-notes/_snippets/9.4.0/index.md

## 9.4.0 [fleet-server-release-notes-9.4.0]

### Features and enhancements [fleet-server-9.4.0-features-enhancements]

* Adds file-delivery source routing to integration indices. [#6599](https://github.com/elastic/fleet-server/pull/6599) 

  Adds an optional query parameter (?source) to the existing file delivery API. When
  omitted, files are pulled from the fleet-owned file data streams as before. When used,

>   fleet server will pull from the calling integration&#39;s owned indices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Adds an optional query parameter (?source) to the existing file delivery API. When
  omitted, files are pulled from the Fleet-owned file data streams as before. When used,
  Fleet Server will pull from the calling integration-owned indices.
```

  
* Update go to v1.26.2. [#6800](https://github.com/elastic/fleet-server/pull/6800) 

### Fixes [fleet-server-9.4.0-fixes]

* Retry Elasticsearch requests on TLS handshake errors so multi-host outputs can fail over. [#6767](https://github.com/elastic/fleet-server/pull/6767) 
* Handle OpAMP AgentDisconnect message by setting agent status to disconnected. [#6792](https://github.com/elastic/fleet-server/pull/6792) [#6784](https://github.com/elastic/fleet-server/issues/6784)
* Report server capabilities in OpAMP ServerToAgent responses as required by the spec. [#6829](https://github.com/elastic/fleet-server/pull/6829) [#6785](https://github.com/elastic/fleet-server/issues/6785)
* Decode all opamp-agent capabilites. [#6830](https://github.com/elastic/fleet-server/pull/6830) [#6790](https://github.com/elastic/fleet-server/issues/6790)

> * Always Set ReportFullState flag in OpAMP responses. [#6831](https://github.com/elastic/fleet-server/pull/6831) [#6783](https://github.com/elastic/fleet-server/issues/6783)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Always set `ReportFullState` flag in OpAMP responses. [#6831](https://github.com/elastic/fleet-server/pull/6831) [#6783](https://github.com/elastic/fleet-server/issues/6783)
```
